= motion-cocoapods

motion-cocoapods allows RubyMotion projects to integrate with the CocoaPods
dependency manager.


== Requirements

* CocoaPods (see http://cocoapods.org).

* RubyMotion 1.0 or greater (see http://www.rubymotion.com).


== Installation

  $ sudo gem install motion-cocoapods


== Setup

1. Edit the +Rakefile+ of your RubyMotion project and add the following require
   line.

     require 'rubygems'
     require 'motion-cocoapods'

2. Still in the +Rakefile+, set your dependencies using the same language as
   you would do in Podfiles.

     Motion::Project::App.setup do |app|
       # ...
       app.pods do
         pod 'JSONKit'
       end
     end

That's all. The build system will properly download the given pods and their
dependencies, build them and link them to your application executable.


== Options

If a Podfile.lock file exists, this will be used to install specific versions.
To update the versions, you can set the +COCOCAPODS_UPDATE+ env variable.

    $ rake COCOCAPODS_UPDATE=1

By default the output of CocoaPods doing its work is silenced. If, however, you
would like to see the output, you can set the +COCOAPODS_VERBOSE+ env variable.

    $ rake COCOAPODS_VERBOSE=1

On every build, CocoaPods will try to update the specification repos in
+~/.cocoapods+, if you want to skip this then set the +COCOAPODS_NO_UPDATE+ env
variable.

    $ rake COCOAPODS_NO_UPDATE=1


== Contribute

1. Setup a local development environment.

     $ git clone git://github.com/HipByte/motion-cocoapods.git
     $ cd motion-cocoapods
     $ rake bootstrap

2. Verify that all the tests are passing.

     $ rake spec

3. Create your patch and send a pull-request[http://help.github.com/send-pull-requests/].


== License

  Copyright (c) 2012, Laurent Sansonetti <lrz@hipbyte.com>
  All rights reserved.
  
  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 
  
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
     list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
     and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 
  
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
  ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
  DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
  ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
  (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
  LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
  ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
  SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
